tonight start as a simple onion tart on
a puff pastry base so with soft and
creamy quails eggs so onion puree covers
90% of the base yes yeah these asparagus
been lightly blanched in boiling water
yes yeah lightly cooked yes yes sir
artichokes asparagus yeah this is not
that difficult is it nice shadow three
or four tomatoes make the tart look root
for a chef but nice thing about this
tart you can do it any time of the year
with different kind of vegetables from
the season right don't put them in yet
okay first of all get 812 eggs in a pan
don't get them too hot otherwise the
eggs start blistering okay right
once all your quail eggs are in there
put your tasks in the oven right sure
yes yeah get those [ __ ] chipolata
fingers working let's go guys you should
start getting some towels on the other
by now yes yes sure yeah come on come on
boys yours in pot yeah sue the quail egg
is the easiest thing to do
you're here because you're amazing cook
you can fire [ __ ] they come on me ma
I'm in the kitchen the knife feels in my
hand
my dream is to have a chain of exclusive
small boutique hotels around the world
with fantastic restaurants my name is
Chris Gordon Ramsay is a hero for me a
few my friends think it's a bit of an
unhealthy obsession I think my name is
Josh I tend to be very quick thinking in
a fast restaurant you need
I wouldn't sound the best cook I just
wouldn't say actually I would say I'm on
the best cook my name's Stuart cooking
for me is all about timing and precision
myself and the other guys a hundred
percent committed we're in it to win it
Gordon Ramsay's little pussycat really
he can shout he's like Delia Smith and
Simon Cowell of child is he really very
good at cooking I see someone about
winning I'm not interested in coming
second son is pleased how much vinegar
you put on there just to see why'd you
do that
Lilly's so shadow just look I mean I'm
not being funny but look how much gonna
get me put on there this [ __ ] huh look
just touch your finger on that [ __ ]
thing now what stoking yes soaking wet
huh it's [ __ ] wetter than you start
again yes chef yeah right Joe yeah okay
ready yes yes yes where's the chives
those on the plate Oh chef come on guys
that's enough just look just I dribble
yeah the idea is a nice crispy base yeah
nothing soggy that's it a dribble
nothing more than that let's go we don't
serve soggy pastry do it service please
thank you